--------- Yatzy Gui -------

---- Game Rules:


 Yatzy game has five dices that are thrown by the players in desired order.
 At start, each player has three turns to roll up dices, but it is not mandatory
 to use them all. Moreover, it is not required to use the turns alternately, but
 a player can, for example, take all their turns one after the other (without giving
 turn to other players between one’s rolls).

 A player can lock part of the dices such that only unlocked dices will be rolled in
 the next roll. After all turns of all players have been used or after dropping out
 the game, the program tells who was the winner or between which players the result
 is tie.

 The series of five dices have the following rank order (from the best one to the
 worst one):

 -yatzy, i.e. all five dices have the same face
 -four of a kind, i.e. exactly four dices have the same face
 -full house, i.e. exactly three dices have the same face and also the rest two
    dices have the same face
 -straigth, i.e. either the faces 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5, or the faces 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6
 -three of a kind, i.e. exactly three dices have the same face
 -two pairs, i.e. exactly two dices have the same face and also exactly two other
    dices have the same face
 -pair, i.e. exactly two dices have the same face
 -nothing of above.

    There is no rank order inside the above classes. For example, the pair of 1’s
    is as good as the pair of 6’s.

 * ------------ Program author -----------
 *
 * Name: Muhammad Mursaleen
 * Student number: 152216548
 * UserID: pbmumu
 * E-Mail: muhammad.mursaleen@tuni.fi


---- Functionalities that have been implemented

-- Minimal requirements:

1: To play the game, the game window and faces of the rolled dices are shown for
    the user.
2: It must be possible to change the number of player
3: It must be possible to select a new roll or to give turn for the next player
4: It must be possible to lock dices.
5: The game status must be shown for the user (which player is in turn,
    how many rolls they have left)
6: It is possible to start the game again (reset). This must be possible after
    the game is over, as well as in the middle of the game.
7: The game tells the time used and the winner or the players, between which
    the result was tie.

-- Extra features:

1: Dices have been implemented with the png figures given in the template code.
2: Drawn dices not just appear, but their rolling has been animated.
3: The user can set the number of players in the user interface.
4: The background color of the user interface changes, when the game is over.
    Resetting the game sets the original color.
5: The game has a pause button, from which the user can pause the timer.
    This is possible only when the game is on. Only Game can Reset and Close during
    pause

---- Instructions to play the game

1: Game can be started and reset with same button, When it will be presed game will be
    started immediately. but you have to select the number of players in spin box
    before pressing of the Reset button. Because with start/reset button game will be
    started immediately with number present in spinbox.
2: With roll button roll action of the current player will be executed if it has any
    turns left, if not then nothing will be happened a message will be printed about
    player turns.
3: With next turn button, turn will be shifted to next player.
4: With pause/unpause button game can be paused and unpaused with single button.
    during pause roll and next turn button will be disabled and timer will be stoped
    , it is still possible to reset and closed the game during pause.
5: For the very first turn of each player locking mechanisim will be disable and
    previous locking will be unchecked. player can only lock their dices for second
    and next turns.
6: If previous animation is still running and next roll has been clicked then animation
    will be canceled out and proper number of dice will be appeared and next roll will
    be executed too. if no turn of curent player is left then animation will also not
    be executed too.
7: If previous animation is still running and reset button has been clicked then
    animation will be canceled out and proper number of dice will be appeared and
    results off the previous game will be displayed too and display clock will also
    be stopped.
8: if match is over then dispaly clock will be stoped and results will be displayed,
    and roll, next, turn & pause button will be disabled & background color of the
    game will also be changed.
9: If someone wants to just run the game in cmd as original template to ttest the
    logics, it still posibile, by doing " runTestInTerminalOnly = true"  in the
    mainWindow.cpp file in the begening of the code around line number "15". By
    default it is false to test the Gui properly.
10: With close Button gui will be terminanted immediately.






